hi everybody this is diana from sweet
SLO and today we're gonna make colombian
hot dogs now this is a very basic recipe
on how to make them and the reason i say
basic is because if you go to Colombia
you'll see that they put a ton of
different crazy toppings on their hot
dogs and their burgers like potato chips
bacon and even quail eggs so if you use
this recipe as a base you can add
whatever toppings you want as always the
link for this recipe is gonna be
available in the infobox below and at
the end of the video some of the sauces
that you can add to your hot dogs are
your basic Mayo basic ketchup and
mustard but if you want you can add some
garlic mayo pink sauce and even
pineapple sauce and I'm using pineapple
preserves but you can also make this
sauce now on the channel I have the
video on how to make all these three
sauces and I'm going to leave you the
link for that in the infobox below
another topping you can use is some
coleslaw
this is your basic coleslaw and I have
the recipe for this on the channel as
well we're also gonna add some shredded
mozzarella cheese and the last topping
we're gonna use is some crushed potato
chips and what I do is I grab regular
potato chips put them in a resealable
bag and then I just smash them with my
hands you can also use a rolling pin
until they're completely crushed
so now that we have all of our toppings
ready we are going to boil our hotdogs
and I'm going to boil them for about
five minutes which is what the
directions on the package say and then
during the last minute of boiling I'm
going to put a steaming basket on top
and then I'm gonna add my hot dog buns
and as you can see I'm using hoagie
rolls because I need a bigger piece of
bread to hold all the toppings that
we're gonna put on the hotdogs and to
assemble the hotdogs we're just gonna
put a hot dog in the hoagie roll and
then we're gonna start adding our
toppings so we're gonna start with some
coleslaw
we're also going to add some mozzarella
cheese
our crushed potato chips
and then we're going to put some of that
pink sauce our garlic mayo some ketchup
and pineapple sauce and if you want you
can add some quail eggs to this and
those taste wonderful in a hotdog and
that's your basic recipe for making
crazy looking but delicious Colombian
hotdogs
if you enjoyed this video in this recipe
please give it a thumbs up and share it
with your friends and subscribe to this
channel which is absolutely free and to
check out the recipe with all the
ingredients and measurements you can
click on clement hotdogs recipe and
don't forget that you can follow me on
Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest and
Google+ thanks everybody for watching
and I hope to see you next time bye bye
my bro itch